Added syntax and grammar suggestions (#543)
madetech/handbook: roles/sfia/lead_designer.md

Below are examples of behaviours and responsibilities a person in this role might be expected to demonstrate. The list is provided for illustrative purposes only.

- Works with client product owner to set team priorities for the coming sprint.

- Creates tangible, understandable vision for a service's design and direction.

> - Advocates key user needs with their team and client organisation must focus on to deliver a successful service. 

Author: This one doesn't quite make sense. 
```suggestion
- Advocates key user needs with their team and client organisation that must be focused on to deliver a successful service. 
```

- Can fully explain the purpose and activities of each GDS phase of service delivery to a clients unfamiliar or uncomfortable with that way of working. 

- Gets teams to choose the suitable type of testing for hypothesis, communicating the strengths and weaknesses each type brings.

- Advises other leaders on how to set up their team for effective design work.

- Regularly seeks feedback from peers, teammates and clients. Acting on and sharing what others feel they are doing well and could improve upon. 

- Seeks out new design tools being used and developed by other organisations and tries them for their own and others practice. 

- Answers internal questions about what is ‘policy design’ and how it is and isn’t different from service delivery we’re familiar with at Made Tech. 

> - Puts in place new standards for how we review design work across different client teams.

Author: ```suggestion
- Introduces new standards for how we review design work across different client teams.
```

- Quickly assesses the suitability of a Designer role for someone interviewing to join Made Tech.

### Business Skills

Demonstrates leadership. Communicates effectively, both formally and informally.

#### Examples of behaviours and responsibilities

Below are examples of behaviours and responsibilities a person in this role might be expected to demonstrate. The list is provided for illustrative purposes only.

- Represents user-centred design at Made Tech at public and internally company wide events. 

> - Brings together less designers to do a retro about challenges felt across the discipline. Works with others to begin actioning priorities.

Author: Brings together `less` designers?
